Add documentation and examples for the integration with Micrometer Tracing (#2558)
reactor/reactor-netty: docs/asciidoc/http-client.adoc

<1> Enables HTTP client metrics and provides {javadoc}/reactor/netty/http/client/HttpClientMetricsRecorder.html[`HttpClientMetricsRecorder`] implementation.
====

== Tracing
The HTTP client supports built-in integration with https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing[`Micrometer Tracing`].

The following table provides information for the HTTP client spans:

[width="100%",options="header"]
|=======
| contextual name | description

> | HTTP <HTTP METHOD> | Information and total time for the request/response.

Author: ```suggestion
| HTTP <HTTP METHOD> | Information and total time for the request.
```

> See <<observability-spans-http-client-response-span>>

Author: ```suggestion
See <<observability-spans-http-client-response-span>>.
```

| hostname resolution | Information and time spent for resolving the address.

> See <<observability-spans-hostname-resolution-span>>

Reviewer: Add a period at the end.

> See <<observability-spans-hostname-resolution-span>>

Author: ```suggestion
See <<observability-spans-hostname-resolution-span>>.
```

| connect | Information and time spent for connecting to the remote address.

> See <<observability-spans-connect-span>>

Author: ```suggestion
See <<observability-spans-connect-span>>.
```

| tls handshake | Information and time spent for TLS handshake.

> See <<observability-spans-tls-handshake-span>>

Author: ```suggestion
See <<observability-spans-tls-handshake-span>>.
```

|=======

The following example enables that integration. This concrete example uses `Brave` and reports the information to `Zipkin`.

> See the https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing#_micrometer_tracing_opentelemetry_setup[`Micrometer Tracing`] documentation for `OpenTelemetry` setup if needed.

Reviewer: Remove `if needed`. (That's always implied with a See or See also link.)

> See the https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing#_micrometer_tracing_opentelemetry_setup[`Micrometer Tracing`] documentation for `OpenTelemetry` setup if needed.

Author: ```suggestion
See the https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing#_micrometer_tracing_opentelemetry_setup[`Micrometer Tracing`] documentation for `OpenTelemetry` setup.
```

====
[source,java,indent=0]
.{examplesdir}/tracing/Application.java
----
include::{examplesdir}/tracing/Application.java[lines=18..90]
----

> <1> Initialises Brave, Zipkin and the Observation registry.

Reviewer: Change `initialises` to `initializes`. (Spring uses American spelling.)

Add a comma after `Zipkin`. (Spring uses serial commas - often called the Harvard comma or the Oxford comma.)

> <1> Initialises Brave, Zipkin and the Observation registry.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Initializes Brave, Zipkin, and the Observation registry.
```

> <2> Templated URIs will be used as an URI tag value when possible

Author: ```suggestion
<2> Templated URIs are used as an URI tag value when possible.
```

> <3> Enables the built-in integration with Micrometer

Author: ```suggestion
<3> Enables the built-in integration with Micrometer.
```

====

> The result in `Zipkin`:

Author: ```suggestion
The result in `Zipkin` looks like:
```
